# Bluprnt Playbook -- Public Reference
### A methodology for collaboration driven communities

### Version 1.0



### Authors
- Bryant Stratton
- Ben Holleran

### Contributors
- Dan Rios
- Jon Griffin
- Michael Newlin
- Brian Kearns

* * * * *

Table Of Contents
=================

[Table Of Contents](#table-of-contents)

[Preface](#preface)

[Our Mission](#our-mission)

[Our promise](#our-promise)

[For clarification](#for-clarification)

[Join or build, it’s up to you.](#join-or-build,-it’s-up-to-you.)

[Chapter 1 - Why](#chapter-1---why)

[Why Community?](#why-community?)

[Why Us?](#why-us?)

[We are, and always will be](#we-are,-and-always-will-be)

[Achieving dreams](#achieving-dreams)

[Chapter 2 - Details](#chapter-2---details)

[The Foundation](#the-foundation)

[Sharing Ideas: Quantum Collapse](#sharing-ideas:-quantum-collapse)

[Passion without Direction](#passion-without-direction)

[Leader - Leader](#leader---leader)

[First follower](#first-follower)

[Chapter 3 - Ethics](#chapter-3---ethics)

[Actor and Director](#actor-and-director)

[Ethical direction](#ethical-direction)

[Chapter 4 - Governance](#chapter-4---governance)

[Will there be a parent body like governance?](#will-there-be-a-parent-body-like-governance?)

[What is the role of governance?](#what-is-the-role-of-governance?)

[What are the responsibilities of the community and the parent body?](#what-are-the-responsibilities-of-the-community-and-the-parent-body?)

[Chapter 5 - How it works](#chapter-5---how-it-works)

[How we can inspire people to take action](#how-we-can-inspire-people-to-take-action)

[How can we help people achieve their dreams?](#how-can-we-help-people-achieve-their-dreams?)

[Flow of value through the system](#flow-of-value-through-the-system)

[Motivation & Accountability](#motivation-&-accountability)

[Bootstrap with mission, values, and focus](#bootstrap-with-mission,-values,-and-focus)

[Examples](#examples)

[A story of an idea city](#a-story-of-an-idea-city)

[Notes](#notes)

 

* * * * *

 

Preface
=======

Our Mission 
-----------

As Founders we need lots of support during our journey, and while there
are many different sources for that support, community is one of the
greatest. We want you, and moreover anyone, to be able to build up
support for their dreams. The joy, good will, and confidence you share
with others will make the journey and destination so much sweeter.
Together, we are stronger.

We believe community is so essential we have set out to build an
ecosystem of strong collaboration driven communities where innovation is
amplified, benefit is mutual, and people and ideas can flourish.

In the rest of this document we will chart the high-level sections of
our findings for you, help you find a community to join, or build a
community of your own in/with us.

Our promise 
-----------

We promise to continue to develop our system of organization in pursuit
of the following.

1.  To lovingly trap selfishness into progress
2.  Remain decentralized, offline and standalone by default
3.  Value collaboration over contract negotiation
4.  Respond to change over following a plan
5.  Maintain a continuous attention to fun & interest, technical
    excellence, and elegant design
6.  Maximize the amount of work not done
7.  Create self-organizing teams

* * * * *

 

For clarification 
-----------------

This playbook is:

-   A set of recommendations and guidelines
-   Based on how any node can operate
-   A means of inspiration

This playbook is not:

-   A rule book
-   A definition of what it means to operate
-   A means of control
-   A constitution
-   A patent

Join or build, it’s up to you. 
------------------------------

Since communities are so centered around missions and shared visions,
there will often be visionaries with their own visions that feel the
need to start communities of their own. If this is you, we commend you,
and hope you will find help in this document for your journey ahead.

For example we do certify communities that use our process and at the
same time this isn't required. If this were to happen we expect the
following; Alignment of mission, values, sustainable mutual benefit,
goals, and boundaries. The benefit is sharing learning, reduction of
risk, and strong economics.

Building a community is not a solo activity by definition, and requires
hard work and dedication. There is a story of one of the
author’s father’s has often counseled young couples planning to build a
house together, that they first build a shed and see how they like the
process of building something start to finish. Often we get caught up in
the desire to build without the resolve to finish.

* * * * *

Chapter 1 - Why 
===============

Why Community? 
--------------

Think of the number of great ideas in the world that are on the back
burner because their caretakers don’t have or do not know how to access
the time, connection, or security to work on them.

Think of the number of awesome people in the world that love building
things, building people up, or crafting ideas from the world around us.
Now, imagine what you and a number of these kinds of people could
accomplish together, wow! Community is the way to bring these people
together.

One of the most important things for founders to know is that they are
not alone. We see many people end up on the founder’s journey because
they have been rejected from other directions, and we want those people
to know that they are not failures, and that they are not alone.

For this reason we find it is important to be part of a community where
people care about, encourage, and build each other up. A natural side
effect is the economic benefits from sharing experience and work. Eg.
“Many hands make light work.” Leveraging the shared knowledge and
experience of an entire community early on in a project sets a good
foundation for the future.

The structure of communities also provides safety for their members to
work within. A common set of expectations allows collaboration to flow
more freely because of mutual trust and security.

Lastly, being part of a community is fun. This may not rank high on the
spreadsheet of economic benefits, but it has a profound effect on the
people involved, and that drives ideas, which makes the world a better
place.

* * * * *

 

Why Us? 
-------

Because we do what we talk about and have put our lives
into implementation and testing with our current model and most known in
society. Our idea is not simple, and yet we have made it elegant. This
is the idea of entrepreneurial collaboration for the digital age that we
see, through implementation, how we can categorize fun and fork at
value.

This breaks down to technologies in governance, organizational theory,
economics, physiology, and philosophy. From this understanding we have
been testing interactions between a number of different leadership and
contribution based models in real world situations. This is supported by
research that we pull from and extended upon, such as…

[Slicing
Pi](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://slicingpie.com/learn-slicing-pie-model/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094723000&usg=AOvVaw3b9OYywKPzX_1do3MluBFH) by
[Mike
Moyer](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://slicingpie.com/about-mike/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094724000&usg=AOvVaw0yc-djUQtnlHkFR2LMHMMY),

[Leader-Leader](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://davidmarquet.com/my-story/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094724000&usg=AOvVaw0M6rp0ts5tF7FYONlKmrPi) by
[David
Marquet](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://davidmarquet.com/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094724000&usg=AOvVaw1AqvUuecTpAc4BUsX2UVsU),

[7
habits](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_7_Habits_of_Highly_Effective_People&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094725000&usg=AOvVaw2Zi1FmQMeZmo9f8A9BlMUZ) by
[Steven
Covey](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.franklincovey.com/the-7-habits/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094725000&usg=AOvVaw1VeTiIVtnZRtfUUtolvqSZ),

[A More Beautiful
Question](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://amorebeautifulquestion.com/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094725000&usg=AOvVaw3kSlH4DUinlSu5IT_HgeRp) by
[Warren
Berger](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://warrenberger.com/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094726000&usg=AOvVaw2FUWJcGsIB4BHzrzVFBIJX),

[Thinking Fast and
Slow](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thinking,_Fast_and_Slow&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094726000&usg=AOvVaw1VNa7bZyb87HRuHJo8oeNR) by
[Daniel
Kahneman](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Kahneman&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094727000&usg=AOvVaw1oT-theBHwCeQ1cYwRV7NO),

[Start With
Why](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://simonsinek.com/product/start-with-why/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094727000&usg=AOvVaw0BrUm3U-5Xy6gxsI5PJAcb) by
[Simon
Sinek](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://simonsinek.com/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094727000&usg=AOvVaw0q2UDGEiBmzDASxdbGnaS0),

[Founders
Dilemma](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.amazon.com/dp/B007AIXKUM&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094728000&usg=AOvVaw35FWpXQ2YFXrYXorsxEnpj) by
[Noam
Wasserman](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.amazon.com/Noam-Wasserman/e/B0077D65S4/ref%3Ddp_byline_cont_ebooks_1&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094728000&usg=AOvVaw2DwlpuTEWB_zmsH7_9OR2e),

[Hard Thing About Hard
Things](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00DQ845EA&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094728000&usg=AOvVaw2gcA2YlzwSfJtrkM4Iaey7) by
[Ben
Horowitz](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ben_Horowitz&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094729000&usg=AOvVaw2NVpb-T3_kvvy-AShZrB78)

Various Great Tradition literature: The Gita, The Bible, Tao Te Ching,
etc

### We are, and always will be 

A bunch of folks making lives better on a tandem unicycle

Full of Joy, and bristling with the will to adventure,

There is a limit to what we know, and that’s just fine. Hopefully we
will be less stupid tomorrow.

* * * * *

 

Achieving dreams 
----------------

Dreams are as prominent as the need for water. We soar through a sea of
them every day, catching by the handful or even the net-full, and they
catch us back. They are bigger than us, and transcend the social,
spiritual, and economic concepts that define us. Human innovation is the
pursuit of these dreams, and can never be stopped. In this mighty
unending tide, we find ourselves tangled in the distractions of life and
getting dragged under, cursing the very current that would propel us
forward. Instead, let these dreams draw us forward, to teach us to grow,
and do the impossible things.

Now we must consider the question that this entire community started
from. Why is there not enough time, connection, insecurity to build
ideas or moreover dreams? Well this question has driven us to some
interesting research. This took us down the road of how to optimize
innovation in order to build dreams. Compromise, Goodwill, and the
ability to work with others in general is what will get you 85% of the
way there (Carnegie how to win friends). The rest comes down to systems,
process, and tools.

On the idea side Thomas Edison one said that 1% is inspiration and 99%
is perspiration. This shows us a balance of what works for people and
what works for communities. In the end this comes down to being
effective with your decision making in regards to who you surround
yourself with and how you work with them. We are all independent and at
the end of the day interdependent.

* * * * *

 

Chapter 2 - Details 
===================

The Foundation 
--------------

A community is built on it’s missions and values, and to be stable, the
foundation must also be stable and well understood. 

\
In the early stages of community building, a seed is needed so the
crystallization process can begin, and in most cases, this is done by
the leader. They set the foundation, and the community self assembles
around them.

It’s tempting to allow the community to continue to revolve around a
leader, but this is not a stable solution. The power is concentrated and
the foundation becomes a moving target. Instead, as the community grows,
it is the responsibility of the leader to shift the community’s focus
onto a stable set of missions and values.

See the Leader - Leader section for a better explanation of how to
empower people to lead themselves.

Sharing Ideas: Quantum Collapse 
-------------------------------

Imagine working with someone you are trying to teach. You have explained
your idea in a few ways, maybe even done a few exercises, but they
aren't quite understanding. Then comes the lightbulb moment. Have you
wondered what is happening here? We have a theory on how ideas are
transferred, and we call it Quantum Collapse.

When someone first conceives an idea, the idea isn’t expressed in
language yet. As they explain it to the next person, the idea goes
through a quantum collapse, becoming defined in language. As the idea is
heard and understood, it unfolds back into a mental ‘quantum’ state.
During this game of telephone the vision warps and changes from teller
to listener.

We have found that the most effective way to transfer ideas is a multi
step process where the idea is tossed back and forth running through
Quantum Collapse with each serve. Through these conversations, both
people know that they understand the same idea.

Passion without Direction 
-------------------------

What happens when you burn fuel without a container? It goes everywhere,
and yes it does ignite all sorts of things in dazzling ways. However
without proper systems the outcomes are often unrealized or unfinished.

Now, when the fuel of passion meets the spark of motivation, there’s a
flurry of activity, but how long does it last, and where does the effort
go?

In previous designs of our community we were like runners sprinting down
hill, without taking the time to tie our shoes. We gave it our all, but
we lacked the perspective and tools to direct our effort effectively.
The tenure would be short and the burn out, almost inevitable

“A good team is like a well oiled machine.” This phase brings to mind
visions of firefighters, or a Formula One pit crew, but there is more to
be teased out of this wise saying than just the oil. A team is like a
jet engine. Vast quantities of fuel are fed in, and mighty machines take
to the skies, but behind the scenes, explosions are held in equilibrium.
\
\
We have all seen disorganized teams burn through time and resources in a
great conflagration yielding nothing, while tiny organizations churn out
engineering marvels like the SR-71 Blackbird. We also see workers so
buried under process and red tape that their humanity is replaced with
robot-like behavior. Adding more oil to the team is not the answer.

We have found that the answer is a mixture of good leaders, simple
processes, and motivation paired to personality. \

Leader - Leader 
---------------

Recently we came across a book called turn the ship around by David
Marquet, and with it, many pieces of the leadership puzzle snapped into
place. We found we were exploring the same concepts David had been
putting into practice in the leadership on the submarine Santa Fey, and
achieving powerful results. Seeing examples of the types of leadership
we were experimenting with already in practice reinforces our desire to
share these systems with the world.

The finer details can be seen in the book, but the basic premise is that
current leadership structures can be classified as Leader - Follower.
This system has been developed over centuries of extracting manual labor
from the working class, and has stuck around because it works well.
Micromanaging a team of brainless laborers with a whip allows for a
single leader to expand his abilities by orders of magnitude.

Luckily, manual labor is not the goal of most organizations currently.
People are prized for their intellect, and ability to think for
themselves, and this is where micromanagement fails miserably. It turns
out that Leader - Follower turns the brains of followers off and stems
their creative process. Instead of thinking for themselves, they wait
for the leader to think for them.\
\
This is where Leader - Leader comes in. By empowering people with a
sense of ownership, their brains stay engaged, and they retain their
autonomous decision making ability. However, this must be done with
care. Leader - Follower is so habitual that without intentional
behavior, people will slip back into a follower role. Especially since
being a follower can be comfortable without the responsibility of
decision making. Leaders also have the temptation to micromanage other
leaders they feel are not operating optimally.

All of this means that leaders need to be intentional about the ways
they delegate responsibility. They must trust those who are under them
to accomplish the goals they are given, and accept that the solutions
will not be exactly as they expected. They must understand the
motivations of those under them so they can encourage them in their
goals. The tradeoff for this pre-work, is the explosion of effort that
comes from leadership at the lowest levels of the organization driving
their own goals forward.

First follower 
--------------

[‘The first follower transforms a lone nut into a
leader’](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.ted.com/talks/derek_sivers_how_to_start_a_movement?language%3Den&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094738000&usg=AOvVaw29WFASuwEN2S3EmUVJnqim)

Leadership may get all the flashy attention, but

Imagine that you are dancing on a hill. Someone comes to join you and
then in no time there is a mob of people. This is a good example of what
can happen with you first. It’s the first person that starts dancing
with you that encourages others to say hey this might be fun for hey
this is all right. This person is just as much a part of the catalyst as
an inventor and/or founder.

Anyone that feels this role has the potential to help mold and shape the
leader and vision at a profound level. In a sense of dualism or that we
are all mutually and inextricably and released this is as ancient as the
chicken and the egg. This doesn’t start without both.

* * * * *

 

Chapter 3 - Ethics 
==================

There needs to be a balance between ego and profit, between people and
systems and furthermore guard your path against group think or other
similar “road to hell/off the deep end” outcomes. In order to achieve
this we have found a system of actor director as described below to be
extremely effective.

Actor and Director 
------------------

Imagine a stage where you have a number of actors doing what actors do
and in the seats you have a number of directors watching the actors both
in the sense of the story and how the acting is done. Actors as well as
directors are both followers and leaders from our previous example. In
the sense or perspective of a judge and audience member could be seen in
the role of what the director is doing and the actor is there to put
both heart and soul into the realization or acting thing out out of the
roll that in our case exists as something like a use case for the system
that the directors are building.

A common example that we have used of this is that we are each in the
story of King Arthur and his knights. What we mean by this is that each
of us takes our own path to Rome or to the castle and we come together
at certain times and meet. This also must be seen in regards to that the
individuals that are part of this are independent and have their own
once however they must also act in the interest of the system. For
example yes someone is a night and yes they are also part of the nights.
They must act both in their own interest and in the interest of the
greater system at the same time. To think of one’s own interests is as
an actor and the system as a director, at the same time is what
qualifies someone to sit at the table.

During this we sit at the stone circle table which represents equality.
We discuss our personal adventures and observations as an actor while
everyone else assumes the role of director while listening. A Director
is focused on what can benefit the system or the organization, and or
the company and the actor is giving feedback as a representation of a
specific personality type in a market in how they feel about things.
From there everyone goes back out into their part of the woods or as the
story goes, they go back out into the part of the woods that looks
darkest to them.

Ethical direction 
-----------------

On the note of interdependence that we left on, over the years we have
had many conversations on who can use what we are building as it works
as a baseline operating system or a kernel for a community. The debate
has resolved to one understanding as of current, this is that anyone can
use this regardless of their intentions however this again shows how
important it is to know your mission. Questions such as, what are the
ethics that you consider?, or who can use the system?, inevitable arise.
Linux is a good example where anyone can use it.

In the end each person must determine this. There is an old phrase that
intentions pave the road to hell. And yes, anything that one creates can
become Frankenstein.

This Is the blessing in the curse of choice. So from a systems level we
respect everyone’s sovereignty or independence enough to say use it the
way you want and as a suggestion we recommend thinking about the ripple
effects that your project will or may have. Be cognizant of this and
your decisions as innovation and community action have the potential to
make life better and at the same time the inverse.

* * * * *

Chapter 4 - Governance 
======================

Will there be a parent body like governance? 
--------------------------------------------

Does there need to be a parent body? Yes and no. But we mean by this is
that there needs to be someone that focuses on survival and someone that
focuses on play. At the end of the day they both must find it fun.

What is the role of governance? 
-------------------------------

To help people pursue a “highest good”

To automate themselves out of a job

To Kearn the way forward.

What are the responsibilities of the community and the parent body? 
-------------------------------------------------------------------

How do these two objects interact? For example we have a parent and a
community. What is the role and focuses/goals of each? Depends on what
we mean by this. For example in the garden there are those that would be
gardeners and there are those that would tour or play in the garden. In
our regard we have the network and protocol that needs to be looked
after which each of the communities is dependent on to be able to be
interdependent. The focus here is for communities to focus on their
independence and for a group of individuals (the parent), who do have
voting power to a limited level that doesn’t allow them to have anything
more than a swaying percentage, generally under 25%, to focus on the
interdependence or the things that allow us to collaborate together.

Can our system be used by anyone that is outside of our vetting/white
labeling process? Since it is almost inevitable that it will regardless
of our intentions it is only after numerous observations of how we as
humans leverage resources without permission or band rules to make it
supportive that we should plan for this to happen. Since this will
happen in this regard then we have built the system at a base level to
be used by anyone. This is something like Linux the operating system
which can be used by any party in the world.

Does Linux ask for permission to put out updates? No it does not. It
does however control the technology in certain regard to be able to
decide when things need to be upgraded. Additionally there should never
be and focus on upgrading technology to suit remove removing someone or
some use case from the use of this technology

Does all the kruft turn to dust? Over time there will be build up of
rules/guidelines/etc. There needs to be a time at which a fork away from
the kruft is set ahead of time. This is an event where this build up is
evaluated in regard to, is it beneficial to continue down our current
path or is it better to re-invent. Very much like an election.

An example of two people where one is a resolver in the moment and the
other needs to process plays well here. There will be a day set between
these two where the one that needs time can have time until that day to
process and then the other that wants immediate resolution knows that
this will come on that date. In an example of disagreement the two sides
know that what needs to be discussed is going to be.

* * * * *

 

Chapter 5 - How it works 
========================

How we can inspire people to take action 
----------------------------------------

Everyone is seeking the idea of meaning in what they want to do. This
starts with finding something that you enjoy doing which through such
you can become excellent at that, to a degree that is satisfying. This
for us is the idea of success. When people find that they have a path to
success or are successful they tend to act in a manner that is more
“civil”.

How can we help people achieve their dreams? 
--------------------------------------------

By giving through a process that involves sorting and categorization of
their effort and others into questions such as. What is fun,
stimulating, or interesting? Which of these are you able to lead at a
technical level or will learn how to do so due to the aforementioned
drive? Which of the four pillars do you draw to the most? Altruism, Ego,
Profit, and/or learning? Which of the four pillars do you draw to the
second most? What SDG’s do you want to work on? From there the
implementation of systems, tools, and funding methods are the final
steps that should be taken.

At the end of any road or adventure that impact represents we find an
end result each time. Therefore we encourage the following mindset, that
any idea should head towards something and the more clear that is the
more sanity there will be for everyone involved or that will be
affected. This is that all adventures should be wrapped in a process of
getting healthy, finding meaning in life, and access to what's in it for
each stakeholder including the idea as well as any contributors.

* * * * *

 

Flow of value through the system 
--------------------------------

If you look at the diagram start with yellow, move to green, and then
orange. The value that you see along the way follows in a similar order
that achieves the outcome of a circular economy.![](images/image1.jpg)

-   Joy
-   Confidence
-   Support
-   Sharing Value
-   Brand through Mission
-   Revenue Share
-   Learning
-   Perspective
-   Accountability

 

Motivation & Accountability 
---------------------------

Everyone wants to be loved, No one wants to be seen. This maps to the
idea of execution in “wanting to be seen”. This can be a community of
people where accountability is held on strength and not weakness
therefore allowing people to focus on execution in the spaces that they
find fun. These are the places that allow someone with cycles of effort
to be most drawn. This then allows them to be more reliable, not just to
others but to their passion. This is the driving force at the end of
days that there is no true language for.

“To be loved but not known is comforting but superficial. To be known
and not loved is our greatest fear. But to be fully known and truly
loved is, well, a lot like being loved by God. It is what we need more
than anything. It liberates us from pretense, humbles us out of our
self-righteousness, and fortifies us for any difficulty life can throw
at us.”^[[1]](#ftnt1)^

* * * * *

 

Bootstrap with mission, values, and focus 
-----------------------------------------

A community needs a leader, a seed, to start the crystallization
process. As a visionary starting your own community, it is important
that you understand the mission and values you are building on, and run
through the Quantum Collapse process with the rest of the community.

Once the community reaches critical mass and the vision is being carried
by its members, it is the role of the leader to step back and help the
community follow the vision, and not themselves. It’s tempting to allow
the community to continue following a person or brand, but in the long
term the mission becomes a moving target. See the Leader - Leader
section for a better explanation of how to empower people to lead
themselves.

* * * * *

 

Example 
=======

[A story of an idea city](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://bluprnt.org/the-tale-of-an-idea-city/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094749000&usg=AOvVaw3OEtL_EGUEBv_uWDNQITDZ) 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

So imagine yourself in a valley, you’re crossing over a bridge, and you
see, up to your left and right there are two mountains. And between
them, there’s a crest. Then you start heading up that crest through a
series of forests and a whole bunch of different things that are unique
for each observer. Imagine you can see them now and as you come up over
that crest you see before you, a huge bay and a city that is almost
infinite. As you walked down, the crest, walked down the other side of
the hill, you come up to the gate and there’s a person standing there.

It seems like it’s a friend, someone who really knows you or someone who
at least you can tell, would be willing to help you. So you asked them a
few questions and they ask you a few and they let you into the gate, if
you work through those questions with them.

And when you enter the city there is a park, there is a tinkering, and
there is a port district. In the park district, there is a bunch of
people producing ideas, displaying ideas, thinking about them, thinking
about their impact, and as you see these people, there is a number of
people walking through the park, leaving coins in deposits, where each
of these people are presenting or working on their ideas. These are,
these are ways of people giving attention or appreciation.

And then leaving the park, you see people holding this thing that looks
like an idea. I’m sure you can imagine what that looks like in your
mind. What an idea in someone’s hands would look like, and they’re
taking it over to the tinkering district where you’re doing your
planning and you’re working out all of the different details of what
might be prototyped or, or what could be, what this could be used for in
a physical world, in a world of execution. That has so many different
projects all over the place, both finished and not.

And as you turn to your right, looking down towards the Bay, there’s the
port district. And in that district, there’s a bunch of people who are
very excited. It’s almost like Mardi Gras and they’re launching ships,
building rapidly, going through all of the final stages of getting their
company out to the market, to the people that it can help make those
lives better.

So you’ve got a lot of things happening in the port as well. Different
ships launching at different speeds. People banding up together to form
party boats, ships, sinking, and disappearing in an instant. And there’s
a few you see in the distance that are making it through the two
peninsulas that formed the Bay.

And what that means to us is you’re out there successfully, with your
idea, impacting the world. That Bay, that entrance to the greater ocean
is the idea of succeeding with your idea of your dream, taking care of
you because the city of Bluprnt is all about building dreams. However,
it’s not there to provide for people.

It’s there to help people build their dreams and their dreams will
provide for them. Thank you very much for your time today. Have a great
day.

Representative Translation

The Gates is a Mentoring process

The Park District is a think tank or a place where people and ideas
converge on perspectives, values, and ethics

The Tinkering District is a an incubator or where an idea is formed into
a minimum viable product (MVP)

The Port District is a accelerator or a place where post-mvp products
grow

The Docks is a process of refinement or finding market fit:

Bay is our idea of legacy or human effort 

* * * * *

 

Notes 
=====

Leaders encourage

Managers micromanage

The pursuit of excellence produces effort

* * * * *

[[1]](#ftnt_ref1) "Quote by Timothy Keller: “To be loved but not known
is comforting ...."
[https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/532976-to-be-loved-but-not-known-is-comforting-but-superficial](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/532976-to-be-loved-but-not-known-is-comforting-but-superficial&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1625001094754000&usg=AOvVaw1IUdG0NKFUJWhymQwQQBX-).
Accessed 26 Apr. 2021.
